api-reference/introduction.mdx, before:

---
title: 'API Reference'
description: 'Reference documentation for the Klen AI API'
---

# Klen AI API Reference

Welcome to the Klen AI API documentation. Our API allows you to programmatically interact with your AI agents, manage calls, contacts, calendar events, and more.

## Base URL

All API requests should be made to:

```
https://api.klen.ai/api/v1/
```

## Authentication

The Klen AI API uses API keys for authentication. You'll need to include your API key in the headers of all requests. 

See the [Authentication](/api-reference/authentication) page for more details on how to authenticate your requests.

## Rate Limiting

API requests are limited based on your plan. Rate limits are applied on a per-minute and per-day basis for certain endpoints.

- Standard API keys: 60 requests per minute, 100 calls per day
- Partner API keys: Higher limits based on partnership agreement

## Response Format

All API responses are returned in JSON format. Successful responses will have a 2xx status code, while errors will return an appropriate error code along with an error message.

Example success response:
```json
{
  "id": "call_123456",
  "status": "completed",
  "duration_seconds": 120,
  // Additional response fields...
}
```

Example error response:
```json
{
  "error": "invalid_key",
  "message": "Invalid or inactive API key"
}
```

## Available Endpoints

Our API is organized around REST principles. It uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication, and verbs.

Explore the following sections for detailed documentation on specific endpoints:

- [Calls](/api-reference/calls/get-calls) - Manage and retrieve call data
- [Agents](/api-reference/agents/get-agents) - Access your AI agents
- [Contacts](/api-reference/contacts/get-contacts) - Manage your contacts
- [Calendar](/api-reference/calendar/overview) - Manage events and availability
- [Webhooks](/api-reference/webhooks/overview) - Set up and manage webhooks for real-time events

## Need Help?

If you have any questions or need assistance with our API, please contact our support team at [support@klen.ai](mailto:support@klen.ai).

Commit message:

added context variables api reference

api-reference/introduction.mdx, after:

---
title: 'API Reference'
description: 'Reference documentation for the Klen AI API'
---

# Klen AI API Reference

Welcome to the Klen AI API documentation. Our API allows you to programmatically interact with your AI agents, manage calls, contacts, calendar events, and more.

## Base URL

All API requests should be made to:

```
https://api.klen.ai/api/v1/
```

## Authentication

The Klen AI API uses API keys for authentication. You'll need to include your API key in the headers of all requests. 

See the [Authentication](/api-reference/authentication) page for more details on how to authenticate your requests.

## Rate Limiting

API requests are limited based on your plan. Rate limits are applied on a per-minute and per-day basis for certain endpoints.

- Standard API keys: 60 requests per minute, 100 calls per day
- Partner API keys: Higher limits based on partnership agreement

## Response Format

All API responses are returned in JSON format. Successful responses will have a 2xx status code, while errors will return an appropriate error code along with an error message.

Example success response:
```json
{
  "id": "call_123456",
  "status": "completed",
  "duration_seconds": 120,
  // Additional response fields...
}
```

Example error response:
```json
{
  "error": "invalid_key",
  "message": "Invalid or inactive API key"
}
```

## Available Endpoints

Our API is organized around REST principles. It uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication, and verbs.

Explore the following sections for detailed documentation on specific endpoints:

- [Calls](/api-reference/calls/get-calls) - Manage and retrieve call data
- [Agents](/api-reference/agents/get-agents) - Access your AI agents
- [Contacts](/api-reference/contacts/get-contacts) - Manage your contacts
- [Context Variables](/api-reference/context-variables/overview) - Manage custom variables for your contacts and business profile
- [Calendar](/api-reference/calendar/overview) - Manage events and availability
- [Webhooks](/api-reference/webhooks/overview) - Set up and manage webhooks for real-time events

## Need Help?

If you have any questions or need assistance with our API, please contact our support team at [support@klen.ai](mailto:support@klen.ai).
